[6870][Docs]Setting up xCluster Replication With Backup Restore (#11625)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/deploy/multi-dc/async-replication.md

1. Create tables for the APIs being used by the target universe. These should be the same tables as you created for the source universe.
1. Proceed to setting up [unidirectional](#seting-up-unidirectional-replication) or [bidirectional](#setting-up-bidirectional-replication) replication.

> In case if you already have existing data in your tables, then you need to follow the bootstrap process [bootstrapping a sink cluster](#bootstrapping-a-sink-cluster)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note title="Note" >}}
In case you already have existing data in your tables, then you will need to follow the bootstrap process [bootstrapping a sink cluster](#bootstrapping-a-sink-cluster).
{{< /note >}}
```

Author: Done

> ## Bootstrapping a sink cluster

Reviewer: We should also add a note earlier in this page under the regular setup flow, where we mention that if you already have existing data in your table, then you need to follow the bootstrap proces

Author: Added

These instructions detail setting up xCluster for the following purposes:
* Setting up replication on a table that has existing data.
* Catching up an existing stream where the target has fallen too far behind.

> 1. First, we need to create a checkpoint on the source side for all the tables we want to replicate:

Author: Added

    ```sh
    ./bin/yb-admin -master_addresses <source_universe_master_addresses> \
    bootstrap_cdc_producer <comma_separated_source_universe_table_ids>
    ```

    For Example:
    ```sh
    ./bin/yb-admin -master_addresses 127.0.0.1:7100,127.0.0.2:7100,127.0.0.3:7100 \
    bootstrap_cdc_producer 00004000000030008000000000004001
    ```

    This command returns a list of bootstrap_ids, one per table id as below:
    ```sh
    table id: 00004000000030008000000000004001, CDC bootstrap id: 293e0e873879458486cba4b99fee4391
    ```

{{< note title="Note" >}}
It is important that the bootstrap_ids are in the same order as their corresponding table_ids!

> {{< /note >}}

Author: Moved

2. Take the backup of the tables on the source universe and restore at target universe. [Backup-Restore](../../../latest/manage/backup-restore/)
3. Then, set up the replication stream, using the bootstrap_ids generated in step 1

  ```sh
  ./bin/yb-admin -master_addresses <target_universe_master_addresses> setup_universe_replication \
  <source_universe_uuid>_<replication_stream_name> <source_universe_master_addresses> \
  <comma_separated_source_universe_table_ids> <bootstrap_ids>
  ```

  For Example:
  ```sh
  ./bin/yb-admin-master_addresses 127.0.0.11:7100,127.0.0.12:7100,127.0.0.13:7100 setup_universe_replication \
  00000000-1111-2222-3333-444444444444_xCluster1 127.0.0.1:7100,127.0.0.2:7100,127.0.0.3:7100 \

>   00004000000030008000000000004001 293e0e873879458486cba4b99fee4391

Author: Done

## Bootstrapping a sink cluster

These instructions detail setting up xCluster for the following purposes:
* Setting up replication on a table that has existing data.
* Catching up an existing stream where the target has fallen too far behind.

{{< note title="Note" >}}

> In order to ensure that the WALs are still available, below steps need to be performed within the cdc_wal_retention_time_secs gflag window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to ensure that the WALs are still available, the steps below need to be performed within the cdc_wal_retention_time_secs gflag window.
```

Author: Updated
